this is I want sure this is video of a
holiday light display in Australia and
you know and your neighbor goes all out
and you don't you wind up looking like
the Grinch cuz you didn't spend weeks
and well this is a good way to handle it
just put up a little sign that says
ditto on it I don't go nuts with
Christmas lights myself but I enjoy it
when others do and some people do a
really nice job this is in Dyker Heights
New York this is a big display they have
there this is in Phoenix over here in
Glendale this is almost 2 million lights
that thing called Glendale glitters and
this is a charming nativity scene in
Attleboro Massachusetts where Mary oh no
no no no this is I am so I'm gonna
apologize in advance this is our
foul-mouthed little friend from Seekonk
Massachusetts 2 year-old Tommy Brady
Fitzpatrick with huh
what are you dressed up as their baby
Yoda what oh good one
listen is there a bigger turn in your
Christmas stocking then Jimmy friggin
Kimmel I think not well merry Christmas
to you too Tommy what's going on there
in your D Tiffany scene take us through
that well I'm so glad you asked
uh-huh you are really no not really not
really you're just jealous that I'm the
Messiah and you're not see this diaper
yes it's the Shroud of you're in oh okay
take again what we have here yes what do
we have you guys we've got the three
wise men Larry Bird uh-huh Big Papi
uh-huh and of course Tom Brady oh the
goats okay anyone who says otherwise is
getting a lump of coal Graham DUP
there's some new tunnel okay all right
yes we won't see otherwise okay and as
you can see they're bringing me gifts I
am the Savior Oh they've got a half a
racket Gansett laga uh-huh sweet Oakley
shades and a big-ass candy cane full of
Scholl long-cut oh that's very festive
you really captured the holiday spirit
there Joe have we yeah you know what
what
toan you frigging fruit roll-up you want
a piece of me nuts go right now private
bothering you again well what is there
is my I missus for his Patrick go talk
to me don't talk to my kid I'm sorry I
just have one quick question for the boy
I was wondering what is Christmas like
in Boston what do you mean what's
Christmas like in Boston we're not from
okay so here's what we do in our neck of
the woods
what do you receive we go to Mass all
right that's nice Mass Turnpike you
peace and we get off the pike I have my
cousin Johnny's in Walpole okay got a
Christmas train there called the Polar
Express well that sounds kind of
charming yeah we throw rocks at is
always come out they come out Carolyn
[Applause]
that's enough I don't like that part of
the song anyway so all right so you're
caroling
anyway the neighbors go out Carolyn and
whether God we break in and we steal are
there he got wicked good okay so that's
Christmas Eve what do you do on
Christmas Day well on Christmas morning
right around the crack of noon my eight
brothers and I rouse ma from a friggin
stupa and then we open up I get did you
say you have a brother's well for my
sister Margaret's garbage spawn their
office which he's doing a dime for
selling dust to a cop right now your
sisters in jail Brazilian drugs to an
undercover cop he was not undercover oh
no
what yeah she got pulled over and she
tried to make a sale that's Margaret's
knuckle huh well yeah it sounds like it
and see this all sounds terrible it
sounds like a terrible error you want a
problem with that quaint New England
holiday tradition what is your problem
you wanna be Sam on cuz not my words
Kimmel I will take your ass from
Nazareth turnt your ouzo away two rows
from Temple Mount to the Sea of Galilee
yeah on the Mount of Olives to Golgotha
all right that's Tommy Brady Fitzpatrick
and his mom Darlene they beautiful
family I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do